#Change to make the Perceptive MPC work for our mobile manipulator!

+ robot description in the launch file 

+ kinemetics header files in the PerceptiveMpcInterface.cpp/.h and KinematicSimulation.cpp/.h. The KinecmaticsInterface file define the transformation between the base and the arm. The base state is in SE3 (4 dimension quantation and 3 dimension position vector). The arm state is defined in the Defination Header file. The kinemetics of different arm is generated by RobCoGen. 

  + kinematicInterfaceConfig_ in the KInemeticSimulation::run() about the baseMass and COM (option), kinematicsInterfaces

  + KinematicSimulation::loadTransforms() 

  + KinematicSimulation::publishZmp()

  + KinematicSimulation::getEndEffectorPose()

+ check the armMountLinkName() and toolMountLinkName() in the XXXKinematics.hpp. The two function is used to get the tf beween the arm_base and the car_base(published by the robot_state_publisher). Check the first link of the arm is named 'base_link'. If not, change the name of the first link in tfBuffer.lookupTransform().

+ task.info
  + the initialState(it also determines the initial state of the OCS2)
  + the limits

+ complete the dynamics of the kinematicsInterface. This  mainly uses the auto generated code of RobCoGen. However, the author dont offer the UR5 generated dynamic file.
  + override the vitual function in XXXKinematics class->(referred to the MabiKinematics)
  + override the copy constructor function of the XXXKinematics class

+ the link name of tf-publihser in KinematicSimulation::publishBaseTransform(), KinematicSimulation::publishArmState(), KinematicSimulation::publishEndEffectorPose()

+ the URDF/D-H of UR5 and UR5e are different!! If the kinematics model need to be change, please use the RobCoGen 0.4.0.ad VERSION BUT NOT OTHERS. Also, this version has a bug about the nullptr, just google it and will find the solution. You can also use the dtdsl file(the kindsl and dtdsl files can be generated by the urdf2Robcogen repository of ETH)

+ the UR5Kinematics<SCALAR_T>::computeArmMountToToolMountTransform need to be changed.
